stay_seeNothing hangOut
stay_seeDoor hangOut
stay_seeCollision hangOut
stay_seePlayer walk
stay_canAttack attack
walk_seeNothing hangOut
walk_seeDoor hangOut
walk_seeCollision walk
walk_seePlayer rush
walk_canAttack attack
rush_seeNothing hangOut
rush_seeDoor hangOut
rush_seeCollision walk
rush_seePlayer walk
rush_canAttack attack
attack_seeNothing hangOut
attack_seeDoor hangOut
attack_seeCollision walk
attack_seePlayer walk
attack_canAttack attack
hangOut_seeNothing goBack
hangOut_seeDoor goBack
hangOut_seeCollision walk
hangOut_seePlayer rush
hangOut_canAttack attack
goBack_seeNothing hangOut
goBack_seeDoor hangOut
goBack_seeCollision walk
goBack_seePlayer walk
goBack_canAttack attack
error_seeNothing error
error_seeDoor error
error_seeCollision error
error_seePlayer error
error_canAttack error